[Marketplace Contribution] Rasterize - Content Pack Update (#19153)
demisto/content: Packs/rasterize/ReleaseNotes/1_1_0.md

> 
> #### Integrations
> ##### Rasterize
> - Add the option to rasterize a full page/email with the possibility to override the width for a better render of adaptive design websites
> - Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/chromium:1.0.0.29408*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

#### Integrations
##### Rasterize
- Added the **full screen** argument to rasterize full pages with the possibility to override the width for a better render of adaptive design websites.
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/chromium:1.0.0.30047*.
```
